---
inFeed: false
hasPage: true
inNav: true
inLanguage: null
starred: false
keywords: []
description: ''
datePublished: '2016-03-01T08:47:56.757Z'
dateModified: '2016-03-01T08:47:49.396Z'
title: Flagstone/paving stone patios
author: []
sourcePath: _posts/2016-02-29-services.md
published: true
authors: []
publisher:
  name: null
  domain: null
  url: null
  favicon: null
url: services/index.html
_type: WebPage

---
# Flagstone/paving stone patios

* Whether you are getting an old patio re leveled or a new patio installed we are here to help. Something that we are do to set us apart from our competition is use a crushed rock for our leveling layer instead of sand. This is a stronger material and will help the stone to stay in place.

# Water features and ponds

* Would you like to put your address on a beautiful boulder with water running down the sides? Maybe a little river running into a pond? Or even just a pond? Whatever it is, let us help you out.

# Retaining walls

* Do you want a garden bed that your neighbours could only wish they had? Or does something just need to stay put? We offer a variety of decorative and structural retaining walls to suit your needs.

# Sod

* A lawn is something everyone has. But a luscious, green, perfect lawn. Now that is a simple of pride. We have looked everywhere and we think the grass down south is just too good to pass us. That is why we get our grass from a farm over 2 hours away. Fresh sod, cut daily is the only way to really lawn.

# Artificial turf

* Like nice grass but hate mowing? Or are you in an apartment but just want to get yourself some grass? We can help with that too. We can supply those adventurous enough to turn a room in an apartment to a grassy retreat and we can also create a mow free lawn that you can enjoy even when everyone else has dead grass and snow.

# Extras

Not only do we do everything mentioned above, but we do so much more. Planting, rock gardens, even junk removal. If you want to see if we do something not listed above, just give us a call and we would be glad to help you. If we don't do it, I will personally try to help you as best I can in pointing you in the right direction.