---
inFeed: false
hasPage: true
inNav: true
inLanguage: null
starred: false
keywords: []
description: ''
datePublished: '2016-03-01T08:26:06.482Z'
dateModified: '2016-03-01T08:25:35.630Z'
title: About the owner
author: []
authors: []
publisher:
  name: null
  domain: null
  url: null
  favicon: null
sourcePath: _posts/2016-03-01-about-us.md
published: true
url: about-us/index.html
_type: WebPage

---
A&B Landscaping Services started back in 2010 when the company I were with wasn't supplying the hours needed to make a living. Not knowing anything about owning a landscaping business, I decided why not start one. 

Over the last 5 years I have had my ups and downs. Including problems with finding good workers, being constantly broke and even having a truck full of tools stolen from the front of my house. But year after year I come back and every year is better than the rest. 

One of my most favorite parts of landscaping, is the amazing people I meet along the way. I pride myself on actually caring about my clients. Not just the landscaping, but them as well. Its common for my quotes to go over an hour. Although I really only need about 5 minutes. 

I truly look forward to working with you all this season and I hope for nothing more than you to be completely satisfied. 

# About the owner

My name is Brandon Lund. I am a 25 year old business student at Nait. There I am taking my finance diploma. I went to school after starting the business because I thought it would help. Honestly nothing can really prepare you for taking on something like this. During my first semester I developed an ever stronger bond with finance and the importance of money. It is my goal one day to help those who were never taught about money. 

I enjoy all sports, but play competitive paintball for a D1 team called Inquisition. We play local tournaments in Edmonton and Calgary. But next year we are hoping to go play some national events in the States. 

Life at home is busy. Working everyday in the summer and trying to do school in the winter leaves me with little time. But when I do have free time it goes to my lovely wife and my beautiful dog.